she was the girl of my dreams that was
the moment I knew that it was done we
met three years ago you are a league of
their own right you guard excellent
what is your favorite drink grapefruit
juice with vodka and three maraschino
cherries you wanna get out of here yeah
it was the perfect first date but I went
too long and then I got hug death oh
this is so nice to have a good guy
friend I can't even tell you
[Music]
I'm in love with a tree only I could go
back and do it with you differently I
could be the guy guys you want could you
tell me what year it is it's 2014 I just
traveled back in time right now I have
someone to meet what's your favorite
drink
mine is grapefruit juice with vodka and
exactly three maraschino cherries that's
my favorite drink juice what this is the
psycho I was telling you about you
didn't guess that I was an army brat you
already knew that you're a stalker
soccer's or we're like trench coats and
no underwear and I am clearly wearing
underwear look the photo booth is a time
machine this is gonna be the best night
of your life I can deal with best night
of my life
follow what I do ready
What's Up Girl What's Up Girl ha are you
doing the Joker impersonation this is no
this is like it was good all else fails
be an be an not hard
soft
don't forget your leather pants oh my
god I went full I have no
control over any of this
I'd make a decision and then I wake up
three years later with the consequences
I thought things were supposed to happen
for a reason things happen for no reason
at all but they create opportunities the
question is can you recognize that next
opportunity when it matters the most
[Music]
oh I'm gonna book I got about it's it's
fine
I'm sorry about that ruin your magic we
even need have a great life
[Music]